The Joe Rogan experience. Um, are you going to continue to do these things?
Because it seems like you're obviously a target now.
Um, when I was asked this, uh, in my interviews this week,
last week, the, the response that I,
that comes to my mom right away is of course, I'm going to continue doing it. I,
these people have threatened me before I've been attacked before.
I'm not going to be cowed. I'm going to continue. I won't be intimidated.
But with the, the brain entry that they gave me, it's like,
I can't continue doing it the same way as I do before.
And being naive to think that police would actually uphold the rule of
law. Um, they gave me a brain injury and like, I never had one before,
but I'm dealing with some cognitive and neurological issues,
memory issues, I have issues.
So I have upcoming physical neuro physical therapy as well as speech therapy.
So, um, as much as like on the surface,
I have improved a lot since the beating,
there are some long-term consequences that I'm going to have to work through.
And, um, you know,
I have to be honest,
I have certain fears and anxieties of being in Portland,
I've continued to receive threats, violent threats,
and they've been reported to police and just people promising to make sure next
time that I won't even be able to walk away that they will repeat what happened
to me when they see me on the streets.
So like, have they caught the people that.
Did this to you? So it's been 10 days now,
more than 10 days since my beating there have been no arrests.
I don't know where the police are in the investigation.
They haven't been keeping me informed. There.
Was a photograph of someone they released.
Yeah. So the Portland police released photos of, uh,
potential suspects and asking for help in identifying one was on mouse. Two,
two of them were mouse. And I forgot to say earlier that in addition to the,
the beating, they robbed me of my, my camera equipment. So that was my,
my evidence for that day. And I tried so hard to hold onto it. But, um,
I couldn't.
What about you attending this with security? Have you thought about.
Yeah. So moving forward, once I feel well enough,
and once I'm cleared by the doctors, um,
it may be worth it to cover these events,
but with professional security, um.
Gorillas, big giant dudes, would they wear what?
Like armor? Like what would you have? How far would you take this?
I don't know. How far do you think I should take it?
I don't think you should go to these things anymore. Okay. I mean,
it seems like you've been, I mean, it is part of your job.
You're a journalist,
but it seems like you've been singled out and targeted and it seems like they
don't have any problem justifying attacking you and assaulting you. Uh,
if I was going to go,
I'd bring the biggest baddest dudes that I could find and a bunch of them and
have them surround you and have them protect you. But.
That tell you about America, that in 2019.
It's this one particular area and this one particular group and not even the
group, I think it's the most ridiculous people in that group.
I don't think it's most.
I think most of these people that probably are a part of this really don't want
fascists and they really don't want some awful right ring
totalitarian regime running this country.
And in marginalized people of color,
gay people and immigrants and all those things that I support a hundred percent
I'm left wing. I mean,
I would be on their side ideologically about a lot of things.
It's the implementation of it that I have the biggest problem with it's as the
group mentality, it's the wearing the masks is the salts.
It's the not understanding the consequences of violence, all these things.
This is what I have a problem with the way the mayor allows us to take place,
the way handcuffs, the police. That that is what I have a problem with.
It's not that they don't want horrible people running the government and running
the world. I understand that. That makes sense.
But you're not for the dismantling of the nation state, right?
Nope, no, no. I'm not.
Or the breakdown on democracy? No. Yeah.
So these are the points that I'm trying to hit on.
Those are the points that are hidden, right? These.
Are important things that make up the ideology of Antifa and the
larger, uh,
those who are sympathetic because of the anti-fascist aspect of the anti
right-wing. They are ignorant of it. And I hope to become more aware of that.
I think that's, what's important about your work that's,
what's important about these discussions. That's,
it's important about people getting the word,
understanding what this really means, not what it seems on paper. It's like,
we're the anti Nazi movement. Well, who the could go against that?
Of course you're anti Nazi. That's know who everybody should be.
That's what it seems like. Well, we're, we're, anti-fascist good.
We don't want fascists. I think that's what Chris Cuomo was saying.
I think that's what Don lemon was saying. I think they're too busy.
I don't think they're really investigating this.
I don't think they're deep diving and understanding the ideology at its core,
the way you're describing it.
And whoever that professor was that you were discussing that is, uh,
somehow or another condoning violence. That,
that is ridiculous.
Anyone who considers themselves an intellectual who condones violence,
um, all this punch a Nazi stuff, you don't understand violence.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You don't understand the human condition because if you,
if you understood violence, it's the last thing you would ever be calling for.
Can I talk about the, um, the next step of what's next for sure.
So a lot of people listening and are frustrated and have expressed support are
asking, well, what can I do? I'm just one person. And this is the power.
Now we live in a time where there's crowdfunding and, you know,
with all the points that we brought up earlier,
it seems to show a lot of evidence to suggest that
there is something seriously wrong in the upper echelons of policing
and governing in Portland. And that's what the legal fund is. So,
um, I'm working with Harmeet Dhillon. She represented James Demore. Um,
she's taking, uh,
neon as a first client for the non-profit that she started called. Um,
if you go to poo bleus lax, P U B L I U S L E x.com.
You'll see, um,
information for how you can donate in anything helps. And we're trying,
we, you know, lawsuits, if they happen against, um,
the city or mayor or police department costs a lot of money and takes a
lot of time, it takes, you know,
there's a lot of overhead costs in the amount of people, you know,
you have to take into do all the investing, um, to do your investigations.
So there's an opportunity for the public to get involved. Um, you know,
I don't want the story to pass just about Andy, you got beat up.
So what let's move on,
but rather there's systemic issues happening in Portland and there are
implications for the rest of the country.
W what do you think is going on with
media that is supporting this attack on you?
Because I I've seen so many journalists dismiss
this as being, not a big deal. Why,
why do you think that anybody would look at something like that or someone's
being beaten publicly and not think it's a big deal.
What do you think is behind that?
Extremist ideologies are very good at dehumanizing
the opposition, and that's what Antifa does.
So there has been a lot of disinformation misinformation put out about me.
You know, I'm not, I'm not, they say, for example, I'm not really journalists.
I'm just a, far-right provocative. I'm somebody who's sympathetic to Nazis.
Um, and so when you put these ideas out that not only are lies,
but are meant to
remove one's humanity, they just become, you know,
like Andy's no longer Andy,
Andy is the face of far-right ideology and it makes people
feel comfortable with violence against that.
And it was so disheartening to see so many writers
come out and say things like, you know, I don't really support what happened,
Andy, but he's done far worse. Or he was provocative in his writings.
Like he came and he got exactly what he was looking for.
What happened to me should happen to nobody, um,
much less a journalists, right? I'm like,
this is an America in a major American city. We're not, you know,
this is not in Afghanistan or Iraq where the state is weak.
We have a strong state, we have police force.
Why are the laws not being enforced? Why are citizens having to suffer? Why.
Are there no arrests?
Why they no arrests?
It's really absurd. And it's obscene. Yeah.
Um, when is the next one of these things supposed to take place.
On the 17th of August is supposedly the next event.
I think the proud boys have announced that they're encouraging all of
their members across the country to, to fly into Portland. And.
It's always Portland.
Yeah. They're kind of reacting, I think, to the 29th of June. So,
um, we'll see what happens. I'm concerned.